README.MD, before:

> ⚠️ Hurry up! Submissions for the **TON Awards 2022** will close on **March 1, 12:00 UTC**.

```
 **********   *******   ****     **           **     **       **     **     *******   *******    ********        ****   ****   ****   **** 
/////**///   **/////** /**/**   /**          ****   /**      /**    ****   /**////** /**////**  **//////        */// * *///** */// * */// *
    /**     **     //**/**//**  /**         **//**  /**   *  /**   **//**  /**   /** /**    /**/**             /    /*/*  */*/    /*/    /*
    /**    /**      /**/** //** /**        **  //** /**  *** /**  **  //** /*******  /**    /**/*********         *** /* * /*   ***    *** 
    /**    /**      /**/**  //**/**       **********/** **/**/** **********/**///**  /**    /**////////**        *//  /**  /*  *//    *//  
    /**    //**     ** /**   //****      /**//////**/**** //****/**//////**/**  //** /**    **        /**       *     /*   /* *      *     
    /**     //*******  /**    //***      /**     /**/**/   ///**/**     /**/**   //**/*******   ********       /******/ **** /******/******
    //       ///////   //      ///       //      // //       // //      // //     // ///////   ////////        //////  ////  ////// ////// 
    
===============
TON AWARDS 2022
===============
    
Hey Devs! 
    
In 2022, the peerless TON community of developers made a lot of open source non-commercial projects: development tools, apps and services, and so on.

Honestly, you are so productive that we don't even know about all the developments.

We wanted to bring all such developments together and reward useful non-commercial projects.
    
This event comes in addition to our [grant programs](https://ton.org/grants), which focus on a different type of project.    

Send us your requests!
    
================
PROJECT CRITERIA
================

- Created for TON.

- It works and can be used.

- Open source code under a free license.

- Noncommercial. The project does not imply monetization, except for grants or donations.
    
=======
REQUEST
=======

Please make a PR to this repo with a txt file containing your project description in the specified format.

If you have multiple projects, send each one in a separate txt file.

Be sure to follow the format, otherwise our secret neuronet will not process your request.

The txt file should contain:

1. Project title.
2. A brief project description.
3. How ready, tested and stable the project is.
4. A link to project GitHub. 
   The repository should contain a README.MD file with all the necessary information on functionality, installation, build and use.
   Also, README.MD should contain the address of the TON wallet to accept donations and rewards.
5. Author(s) (Nicknames is OK). Brief information about the authors (Optional).
6. Total time spent to do it (approximately).
7. Future plans.
8. Additional desires.   
9. Grants, awards, and donations already received.   

See the `MyExampleLib.txt` in repo.

========
CEREMONY
========

Information will be announced later here and in TON dev chats and channels.

See you soon, be decentralized, The Open Network - https://t.me/tonblockchain or www.ton, chat in https://t.me/tondev_eng or https://t.me/tondev_zh or https://t.me/tondev, bye.
```

Commit message:

The submission period is over. Give us some time to review your requests.

README.MD, after:

> ⚠️ The submission period is over. Give us some time to review your requests.

```
 **********   *******   ****     **           **     **       **     **     *******   *******    ********        ****   ****   ****   **** 
/////**///   **/////** /**/**   /**          ****   /**      /**    ****   /**////** /**////**  **//////        */// * *///** */// * */// *
    /**     **     //**/**//**  /**         **//**  /**   *  /**   **//**  /**   /** /**    /**/**             /    /*/*  */*/    /*/    /*
    /**    /**      /**/** //** /**        **  //** /**  *** /**  **  //** /*******  /**    /**/*********         *** /* * /*   ***    *** 
    /**    /**      /**/**  //**/**       **********/** **/**/** **********/**///**  /**    /**////////**        *//  /**  /*  *//    *//  
    /**    //**     ** /**   //****      /**//////**/**** //****/**//////**/**  //** /**    **        /**       *     /*   /* *      *     
    /**     //*******  /**    //***      /**     /**/**/   ///**/**     /**/**   //**/*******   ********       /******/ **** /******/******
    //       ///////   //      ///       //      // //       // //      // //     // ///////   ////////        //////  ////  ////// ////// 
    
===============
TON AWARDS 2022
===============
    
Hey Devs! 
    
In 2022, the peerless TON community of developers made a lot of open source non-commercial projects: development tools, apps and services, and so on.

Honestly, you are so productive that we don't even know about all the developments.

We wanted to bring all such developments together and reward useful non-commercial projects.
    
This event comes in addition to our [grant programs](https://ton.org/grants), which focus on a different type of project.    

Send us your requests!
    
================
PROJECT CRITERIA
================

- Created for TON.

- It works and can be used.

- Open source code under a free license.

- Noncommercial. The project does not imply monetization, except for grants or donations.
    
=======
REQUEST
=======

Please make a PR to this repo with a txt file containing your project description in the specified format.

If you have multiple projects, send each one in a separate txt file.

Be sure to follow the format, otherwise our secret neuronet will not process your request.

The txt file should contain:

1. Project title.
2. A brief project description.
3. How ready, tested and stable the project is.
4. A link to project GitHub. 
   The repository should contain a README.MD file with all the necessary information on functionality, installation, build and use.
   Also, README.MD should contain the address of the TON wallet to accept donations and rewards.
5. Author(s) (Nicknames is OK). Brief information about the authors (Optional).
6. Total time spent to do it (approximately).
7. Future plans.
8. Additional desires.   
9. Grants, awards, and donations already received.   

See the `MyExampleLib.txt` in repo.

========
CEREMONY
========

Information will be announced later here and in TON dev chats and channels.

See you soon, be decentralized, The Open Network - https://t.me/tonblockchain or www.ton, chat in https://t.me/tondev_eng or https://t.me/tondev_zh or https://t.me/tondev, bye.
```
